docs(document-translation): document Cat 1 file formats (IDML, XML, JSON, DITA, MIF) (#387)
DeepLcom/api-docs: docs/best-practices/document-translations.mdx

Below you will find general guidance on how to handle status codes and error details to ensure a smooth document translation experience.

### Document File Size Limits

> We impose [size limits](/docs/resources/usage-limits) per file type. Limits vary by format — for example, `.docx` / `.pptx` / `.pdf` can be up to 100 MB on API Pro, `.idml` / `.mif` / `.xlsx` up to 30 MB, `.json` 1 MB, `.dita` 5 MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We impose [size limits](/docs/resources/usage-limits) per file type. Limits vary by format and API plan.
```

Reviewer: I recommend instead pushing users to the page with full docs on file size limits
